then he brought me out into the outer
then he brought me out into the outer court by the way toward the north and he
court by the way toward the north and he
court by the way toward the north and he brought me into the chamber which was
brought me into the chamber which was
brought me into the chamber which was opposite the separating courtyard and
opposite the separating courtyard and
opposite the separating courtyard and which was opposite the building toward
which was opposite the building toward
which was opposite the building toward the north facing the length which was
the north facing the length which was
the north facing the length which was 100 cubits the width was 50 cubits was
100 cubits the width was 50 cubits was
100 cubits the width was 50 cubits was the north door opposite the inner court
the north door opposite the inner court
the north door opposite the inner court of 20 cubits and opposite the pavement
of 20 cubits and opposite the pavement
of 20 cubits and opposite the pavement of the outer court was Gallery against
of the outer court was Gallery against
of the outer court was Gallery against gallery and three storeys in front of
gallery and three storeys in front of
gallery and three storeys in front of the chambers toward the inside was a
the chambers toward the inside was a
the chambers toward the inside was a walk 10 cubits wide at a distance of one
walk 10 cubits wide at a distance of one
walk 10 cubits wide at a distance of one cubit and their doors faced north now
cubit and their doors faced north now
cubit and their doors faced north now the upper chambers were shorter because
the upper chambers were shorter because
the upper chambers were shorter because the galleries took away space from them
the galleries took away space from them
the galleries took away space from them more than from the lower and middle
more than from the lower and middle
more than from the lower and middle stories of the building while they were
stories of the building while they were
stories of the building while they were in three storeys and did not have
in three storeys and did not have
in three storeys and did not have pillars like the pillars of the courts
pillars like the pillars of the courts
pillars like the pillars of the courts therefore the upper level was shortened
therefore the upper level was shortened
therefore the upper level was shortened more than the lower and middle levels
more than the lower and middle levels
more than the lower and middle levels from the ground up and a wall which was
from the ground up and a wall which was
from the ground up and a wall which was outside ran parallel to the chambers at
outside ran parallel to the chambers at
outside ran parallel to the chambers at the front of the chambers toward the
the front of the chambers toward the
the front of the chambers toward the outer court its length was 50 cubits the
outer court its length was 50 cubits the
outer court its length was 50 cubits the length of the chambers toward the outer
length of the chambers toward the outer
length of the chambers toward the outer Court was 50 cubits for as that facing
Court was 50 cubits for as that facing
Court was 50 cubits for as that facing the temple was 100 cubits at the lower
the temple was 100 cubits at the lower
the temple was 100 cubits at the lower chambers was the entrance on the east
chambers was the entrance on the east
chambers was the entrance on the east side as one goes into them from the
side as one goes into them from the
side as one goes into them from the outer court also there were chambers in
outer court also there were chambers in
outer court also there were chambers in the thickness of the wall of the court
the thickness of the wall of the court
the thickness of the wall of the court for the east opposite the separating
for the east opposite the separating
for the east opposite the separating courtyard and opposite the building
courtyard and opposite the building
courtyard and opposite the building there was a walk in front of them also
there was a walk in front of them also
there was a walk in front of them also and their appearance was like the
and their appearance was like the
and their appearance was like the chambers which were toward the north
chambers which were toward the north
chambers which were toward the north they were as long and as wide as the
they were as long and as wide as the
they were as long and as wide as the others and all their exits and entrances
others and all their exits and entrances
others and all their exits and entrances were according to plan and corresponding
were according to plan and corresponding
were according to plan and corresponding to the doors of the chambers that were
to the doors of the chambers that were
to the doors of the chambers that were facing south as one enters them there
facing south as one enters them there
facing south as one enters them there was a door in front of the walk the way
was a door in front of the walk the way
was a door in front of the walk the way directly in front of the wall toward the
directly in front of the wall toward the
directly in front of the wall toward the east
east
east then he said to me the North chambers
then he said to me the North chambers
then he said to me the North chambers and the South chambers which are
and the South chambers which are
and the South chambers which are opposite the separating courtyard are
opposite the separating courtyard are
opposite the separating courtyard are the holy chambers where the priests who
the holy chambers where the priests who
the holy chambers where the priests who approach the Lord shall eat the most
approach the Lord shall eat the most
approach the Lord shall eat the most holy offerings there they shall lay the
holy offerings there they shall lay the
holy offerings there they shall lay the most holy offerings the grain offering
most holy offerings the grain offering
most holy offerings the grain offering the sin offering and the trespass
the sin offering and the trespass
the sin offering and the trespass offering for the place is holy when the
offering for the place is holy when the
offering for the place is holy when the priests enter them they shall not go out
priests enter them they shall not go out
priests enter them they shall not go out of the holy chamber into the outer court
of the holy chamber into the outer court
of the holy chamber into the outer court but there they shall leave their
but there they shall leave their
but there they shall leave their garments in which they minister for they
garments in which they minister for they
garments in which they minister for they are holy they shall put on other
are holy they shall put on other
are holy they shall put on other garments then they may approach that
garments then they may approach that
garments then they may approach that which is for the people now when he had
which is for the people now when he had
which is for the people now when he had finished measuring the inner temple he
finished measuring the inner temple he
finished measuring the inner temple he brought me out through the Gateway that
brought me out through the Gateway that
brought me out through the Gateway that faces toward the east and measured it
faces toward the east and measured it
faces toward the east and measured it all around he measured the east side
all around he measured the east side
all around he measured the east side with the measuring rod five hundred rods
with the measuring rod five hundred rods
with the measuring rod five hundred rods by the measuring rod all around he
by the measuring rod all around he
by the measuring rod all around he measured the north side five hundred
measured the north side five hundred
measured the north side five hundred rods by the measuring rod all around he
rods by the measuring rod all around he
rods by the measuring rod all around he measured the south side
measured the south side
measured the south side five hundred rods by the measuring rod
five hundred rods by the measuring rod
five hundred rods by the measuring rod he came around to the west side and
he came around to the west side and
he came around to the west side and measured five hundred rods by the
measured five hundred rods by the
measured five hundred rods by the measuring rod he measured it on the four
measuring rod he measured it on the four
measuring rod he measured it on the four sides it had a wall all around five
sides it had a wall all around five
sides it had a wall all around five hundred cubits long and five hundred
hundred cubits long and five hundred
hundred cubits long and five hundred wide to separate the holy areas from the
wide to separate the holy areas from the
wide to separate the holy areas from the common
common
common you
you
you [Music]